So we've made a bunch of allusions
to a tool called Redux Toolkit,
which, again, sits on top of Redux.
It's clearly not in every code
bases predated and it all depends.
If you're kind of walking
along a very common path,
it provides a whole bunch
of useful abstractions.
If you've got a very large and complicated
code base, it might not be the right fit.
But I think there's two things.
One, I think for a lot of especially
newer applications, smaller applications,
it's absolutely the right fit.
And two, there are ideas that you
can take from Redux Toolkit and
begin to think about and apply in
your code base even if Redux Toolkit
is maybe not the best fit or it's just
too hard to totally transition to.
I think there are ideas that you can
borrow and inspiration you can learn for
how you can create
abstractions on top of Redux.
So let's take a look.
This is kinda shows you what it's
trying to bring to the table,
which is taking a lot of the boilerplate.
I think Erick asked me at one point,
does this ever become second nature?
And it does, but that feeling of one
of the complaints on Redux all the time
is there's a lot of boilerplate.
And we were talking about this
a little bit during the break, but
it all kinda depends, right?
If this is a small app or something
very kind of that's limited in scope,
I don't even know if Redux
is the right choice.
But if you also think that, hey, this is
gonna be a very large app we're gonna
maintain over a really
long period of time.
Then kind of spending a little
bit of time configuring and
setting up the foundation
with Redux might make sense.
It's always definitely like most things.
It was like you should
always use it all the time.
It would have just been built-in, right?
A lot of these become choices
that we need to make, or
this is also usually in case
you're moving into a code base.
So what it seeks to do is kind of tie
up our actions, our action creators,
our reducers all into one kind
of extraction called a slice.
Even wires up the DevTools and
Middleware just out of the box kinda
gets all of that set up for us.
So what we're gonna do
is we're gonna just take
a tour of the Create React App template.
You just see it at a high level, and
then we'll actually implement it in
an application as well that can now
actually see all the moving pieces.
So at first, what I kinda want you to
do is just kind of take it all in and
get the highlight.
You don't have to memorize
everything as we go through it.
We're just trying to get
a lay of the land, and
then we'll get a little bit
more into it as time goes on.
So if we look here, you can see
that the demo app is, again, yeah,
who doesn't love a good counter for
demoing managing state?
So you can see we can increment it and
decrement it.
We can change the amount as well and
add the amount in,
very similar to what we
all built as a team.
Earlier, you can add only if odd,
which because I'm adding 400 will
always be the same, so on and so forth.
Cool, so let's actually just
look at how this application is
laid out to see what we can
learn about Redux Toolkit.
Redux Toolkit, like in the template,
has this idea of a store.js,
and then it's dividing stuff
into folders called features.
You think about before we had our
items and our tip percentage before.
This is all you get to
choose the folder structure.
If you don't like this folder structure,
you don't have to use it.
I think it all depends, again,
for simple applications,
you might just have everything
in very clean place like that.
But you can see that there's even
the counter component with the state.
In a large application, you can see
how many different things might revive
multiple pieces and
it gets a little bit tricky.
It really depends on the nature
of what you're building.
But the major thing for
us to look at is this counter slice.
You can think about a slice as just
bundling a lot of the ceremony
that we were doing around.
Okay, we're gonna make
the action type constants.
And we are gonna go ahead and we're
going to create maybe action creators.
And we're gonna make the reducers.
And we're going to all
these different pieces.
So you can see here's basically
what a slice looks like.
You give it a name, in this case,
it's the counter, right?
We might have had menu items,
or counter, or whatever.
The initial state, which is something
we've seen before, in this case,
it is value 0 and status equals idle.
We'll talk a little
about that in a second.
And then the reducers,
you can see that here we've got keys,
which is increment, decrement,
increment by amount,
very similar to what we had before,
and it's mutating the state.
All right, pop quiz, sports fans,
what library is using
just willy nilly modify
the state without telling us?
>> Immer?
>> Immer, yeah,
which it's abstracting that and
hiding that.
So if you started with Redux Toolkit and
then had to jump into a code base that
didn't have Redux Toolkit, you might
be like, yeah, I can just mutate state.
I did that before, right?
It's actually all of these methods are
going through Immer under the hood, which
allows us to kind of mutate the state as
we need to and it's handling that for us.
But again, abstraction is great until you
don't really know what it's doing, and
then it becomes a little bit tricky.
And what's interesting,
we're not doing a lot of the pieces where
we're matching action type
equals a certain constant.
Because what's happening is it's making
action types based on the keys in
the reducer that we can then
use throughout the application.
If we look at counter.js you can
see that it's increment, decrement.
It's actually getting all of those
from the counter slice itself.
So it's making the actions on our behalf.
It's storing the action types.
It's kinda hiding most of
the inner workings away from us,
which is really great because it saves
us from having to do all that tedium.
On the other hand, it is also hiding
a lot of the inner workings away from us.
So whether or not it's right for
you is absolutely a trade-off.
But everything is
contained in these slices.
It is trying to kinda wire up
as much of it as possible.
So we'll look at setting up a reducer,
using the actions, and
this extra reducer thing,
we'll also take a look at as well.
And you can see this counterSlice.actions
is where all the actions are stored from
as well.
You can see that it's using selectors.
All the concepts that we've learned so
far were leading up to this moment,
where we could see it
all kinda tied together.